I was suffering from the 75th stage of the disease, in excruciating pain and despair,
feeling as if maggots were crawling from my
buttocks down to my legs. It ached terribly. I tried all kinds of
medicine, from one
doctor to another, but the disease remained the same, it wouldn't
lessen. But now, I
feel light and
completely transformed. Money and money are worth more
than health and a stable life. I'm so happy I could
cry. It
hurts so much. It hurts on one side of my head, I cough
all over my neck, it's like it's sucking something out from the back. It's so intense,
it's like it's sucking something out from my
heart. I
take four red pills a day, but it
doesn't help at all, I'm just tired. The patient only needs
about an hour, and after
avoiding the electric current, it's completely gone, no
more pain, the disease is gone. She started to feel
much better. She said, "Oh my god, I'm cured!
[Music] I'm
so happy, my child, so happy! I have nothing left
to describe, the Dharma, the divine master, the
great monk, the
experienced master."  The whole club
gave her the opportunity to practice Thanh, which was very
[musical]
enjoyable,
truly
[applause] and [applause]
good guidance. The
Buddha is the spiritual teacher, and the monks are the
guides who lead us on the
path to seeking happiness, as the Buddha
taught the bhikkhus: "Go your separate ways for the
happiness of the
masses, for compassion for the world, for
benefit, for happiness." It is
truly so that in the past three days and three nights,
the master and the venerable monks
have guided us in practicing the
repentance ritual, a noble and indispensable practice
for Buddhists from the beginner level to
achieving enlightenment, through the
repentance ritual according to the Sutra of the
Yellow Jewel. In the past three days, Buddhists, whether
at the temple or at home, have participated in
over 600 Dharma gatherings,
not to mention the large number of ordinary
Buddhists who have also participated in the practice according to their circumstances,
knowing the spiritual efficacy of the Dharma
gathering and having experienced the power of the
Dharma.  The merits of the Three Jewels, the virtuous deeds of the
temple and the golden light, through the
transformation of karmic suffering right within the Dharma
assembly, there are countless stories of karma transformation.
After only six sessions of the
Luong Hoang Bao Xam Dharma assembly, I no longer
had itchy rashes, and to this day, there
are no symptoms at all. Before, I had
itchy rashes every day. If I didn't
wear long pants, the Luong Hoang Bao Xam Dharma assembly was truly
miraculous. I am truly happy to have
transformed my karma.
[Music]
We respectfully bow to our Master
and all the Venerable Monks. The Buddha has
taught about the law of cause and effect, including present karma,
future karma, and rebirth karma. We believe that
in the present karma of the Dharma assembly, we have achieved
such a transformation of karma, and in the future karma
and rebirth karma,
all the merits and blessings
we have today are due to the compassionate conscience and Bodhi
vows of our
Master and all the Venerable Monks who have
propagated the Dharma for our happiness and the happiness of all sentient beings.
Today, the Luong Hoang Bao Xam Dharma assembly has
continuously been perfected and has become a great
benefit.  With the blessings of our ancestors and
the realm where this Dharma assembly is established, we humbly bow in gratitude to the
Triple Gem, to our teacher and all the venerable monks,
and respectfully request that our teacher and all the
venerable monks annually hold Dharma assemblyes for the long-term benefit of us and all sentient beings, and to ensure the longevity of the true Dharma in this world. Namo Buddha Shakyamuni
[music]
Ni
m